doc: nrf: Fixed information in the Matter adding clusters guide (#12730)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/adding_clusters.rst

At this point, new clusters have been added to the Matter device.

.. note::

>    On the first run the ZAP tool creates :file:`.zap` directory to store cached information for the following runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On the first run the ZAP tool creates a :file:`.zap` directory to store cached information for the following runs.
```

>    The default directory location is User's Home directory and it can be overriden by adding ``--stateDirectory`` and location path to the invoked ZAP commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The default directory location is the user's home directory and it can be overridden by adding ``--stateDirectory`` and the location path to the invoked ZAP commands.
```

>    The default directory location is User's Home directory and it can be overridden by adding ``--stateDirectory`` and location path to the invoked ZAP commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The default directory location is the user's home directory and it can be overridden by adding ``--stateDirectory`` and the location path to the invoked ZAP commands.
```

>    Introducing significant changes to the ZAP tool configuration, like updating the tool version or changing the used zcl templates, may result in unexpected issues with the application that uses information previously cached in the :file:`.zap` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Introducing significant changes to the ZAP tool configuration, such as updating the tool version or changing which ZCL templates are used, can result in unexpected issues with the application when previously cached information in the :file:`.zap` directory is used.
```

>    The application behavior is undefined and it depends on the difference between the new configuration and old cached data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The behavior of the application in such a case is undefined and it depends on the difference between the new configuration and the old cached data.
```

>    For example, it could be problems with displaying specific information in the UI, generating new configuration or even application crashes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, it could result in problems with displaying specific information in the UI, generating new configuration, or even application crashes. 
```

>    For example, it could be problems with displaying specific information in the UI, generating new configuration or even application crashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, it can result in problems with displaying specific information in the UI or generating new configuration, or even application crashes.
```

>    The solution in such scenario is removing the :file:`.zap` directory to clear cached information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The solution is to remove the :file:`.zap` directory to clear the cached information.
```
